Emphasize that HttpClientFactory depends on M.E.DI (#15056)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/implement-resilient-applications/use-httpclientfactory-to-implement-resilient-http-requests.md

- `HttpClient` already has the concept of delegating handlers that could be linked together for outgoing HTTP requests. You register HTTP clients into the factory and you can use a Polly handler to use Polly policies for Retry, CircuitBreakers, and so on.
- Manage the lifetime of `HttpClientMessageHandlers` to avoid the mentioned problems/issues that can occur when managing `HttpClient` lifetimes yourself.

> [!NOTE]

> > `HttpClientFactory` is tightly tied to the Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection implementation. You might want to read this [GitHub discussion]((https://github.com/aspnet/Extensions/issues/1345)) about using other dependency injection containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `HttpClientFactory` is tightly tied to the `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` implementation. For more information about using other dependency injection containers, see this [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/aspnet/Extensions/issues/1345).
```

Reviewer: clarify what Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection is perhaps? It's a NuGet package, right? And how is it tied to that? Is it part of that package or what?

Author: Yep, at this level it's more conceptual than package specific, will clarify it.

## Additional resources

> 

Reviewer: loc confirmed they fixed the issue on the MT engine so we can use those again - just FYI

Author: Oh, great 😊

The trailing two blank spaces are very easy to miss!

Had been removing them 🙁, so back to adding them!

- **Using HttpClientFactory in .NET Core**  
  [https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/fundamentals/http-requests](/aspnet/core/fundamentals/http-requests)

> - **HttpClientFactory GitHub repo**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **HttpClientFactory GitHub repository**  
```

Reviewer: Technically the repo is aspnet/Extensions. So maybe say HttpClientFactory source code (GitHub)?

> - **HttpClientFactory source code in the .NET Extensions GitHub repository**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **HttpClientFactory source code in the `aspnet/Extensions` GitHub repository**  
```
